# My-bio

I am currently working as a Senior Analyst at Sport England. My role involves handling official statistics, analysing quantitative data, generating insights and presenting the latest findings to key stakeholders, both internal and external. My primary focus is coordinating and project managing the Active Lives releases (for both the Active Lives Adults and Children and Young People surveys). These are some of the largest surveys in England, surveying more than 170,000 adults and more than 130,000 children and young people each year. Prior to working at Sport England, I worked at Critical Research (Critical), a market research agency for nearly 6 years. At Critical, I was progressed from Research Executive to Senior Research Executive and then to Research Manager. I led multiple sports accounts, including England Athletics, the Lawn Tennis Association and The FA. I developed client management skills, market research software skills, brand tracking skill, etc. My skills include SPSS, Microsoft Office & PowerBI, SQL, Python, attention to detail, line management, project management, report writing, team building, & being driven and highly passionate about what I do. I have a keen interest in sports, being an active member of London Heathside Athletics Club.

My future self
During course 1 of the LSE Data Analytics Career Accelerator, I learnt how to use Excel, Tableau and SQL in depth. I also gained key business skills such as understanding of how to define and adress business problems, promote a data-driven decision making process within a business and how to work best / understanding the different types of stakeholders. I now feel confident to use Tableau to create interactive dashboards which can be shared and update automatically. I can now also use SQL to analyse data more effectively. After course 2, I will have a thorough understanding of how to use Jupyter notebooks to write Python code, and how to store code / edit code using Github. 
